Implementing supply chain strategies can lead
to major benefits for the organization,
such as decreased cost, increased customer service,
reduction in logistics footprint, and cycle time reduction.
It is important to understand
that while commercial enterprises strive for profit
in market share targets,
VA, which is not a for-profit enterprise,
has different goals, such as maintaining readiness,
decreasing the logistics footprint,
and reducing total ownership costs.
Cross-industry studies have consistently demonstrated
that integrating supply chain practices
can yield significant cost savings
and performance improvements.